I think its mating season at the zoo so go back to the orangutans and get married.
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
Do your keepers a huge favor: do a triple summersault through the air, and disappear up your own asshole.
You are so ugly that when your mama dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.
When you were born, the police arrested your dad, the doctor slapped your mom, animal control euthanized your brother, and A&E made a documentary that saved your life.
If I wanted to kill myself, I would climb to the number of your chromosomes and then jump to your IQ
Your so ugly when you popped out the doctor said aww what a treasure and your mom said yeah lets bury it
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
You're a failed abortion whose birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory.
You're so ugly you made an onion cry.
Do your keepers a huge favor: do a triple summersault through the air, and disappear up your own asshole
You must have been born on a highway, because that's where most accidents happen.
Your head shape looks like a broken condom.
(Phone ringing)... Excuse me it's your village, they want their idiot back
You're so ugly Hello Kitty said goodbye to you.
You're so fat you need cheat codes to play Wii Fit
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable? Like a coma.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a smarter comeback than what you just said.
You only annoy me when you're breathing.
Thou Foul Lump Of Deformity
What Are You Gonna Do for a Face when the Baboon Wants It's Butt Back?
Go Sit on a Pine Cone
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling in your skull?
Your mind is on vacation but your mouth is working overtime.
On your mark, get set, go f*ck yourself!
If your gonna be two faced, honey at least make one of them pretty.
Keep talking...I'm diagnosing you.
I can only please one person a day. Today isn't your day. Tomorrow isn't looking good either.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
I Fart in Your General Direction
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
I'd like to help you out. Which way did you come in?
You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
You're like Monday mornings, nobody likes you.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
You're so fat, you leave footprints in concrete.
May you always step on a wet spot after putting on fresh socks.
I can lose weight, but you'll always be ugly.
You're not pretty enough to be that stupid.
You're as Sharp as a Marble
You get ten times more girls than me? ten times zero is zero...
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
Here's a tissue, you have a little piece of sh*t on your lips.
If There Was an Award for Laziness, You'd Need Someone to Pick It Up for You
Pew! Pew! Pew!' That's the sound of me deflecting your whiny b*tching with my happiness shield.
Now I know why everyone talks about you behind your back.
You shouldn't act hard-to-get when you're already hard-to-like.
If you really spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree, I've wanted to cut it down.
If I Were a Bird, You Would be the First Person I'd Poop on
You, sir, are an oxygen thief!
I would like to leave you with one thought, but I'm not sure if you have anywhere to store it in.
I'd slap you, but that would be animal abuse.
Wipe your mouth, there's still a tiny bit of bullshit around your lips.
Roses Are Red. Violets Are Blue. You Look Like a Monkey and Belong in a Zoo. Do Not Worry, I'll be There Too. Not in the Cage, but Laughing at You.
I'm jealous of people that don't know you!
You Stuck-up, Half-witted, Scruffy-looking Nerfherder!
I will ignore you so hard you will start doubting your existence.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
You're so dumb that you got hit by a parked car.
I don't understand your specific kind of 'stupidity,' but I do admire your total commitment to it.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
You're like the end pieces of a loaf of bread. Everyone touches you, but nobody wants you.
If ugly were a crime, you'd get a life sentence.
All day I thought of you... I was at the zoo.
If I told you that I have a piece of dirt in my eye, would you move?
Why don't you go play in traffic.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable... like a coma.
I'd love to kill you with kindness, but all I have is this chainsaw.
You fear success, but you really have nothing to worry about.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
May your life be as pleasant as you are.
How old are you? Wait I shouldn't ask, you can't count that high.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
You're as Useful as a White Crayon
You're Nuttier then a Squirrel's Turd
Someone Getting Drunk and Taping Crayons to Their Feet Could Write Better Than You
I've met several pricks before, but you sir are a cactus.
Whenever I see you, middle finger gets an erection.
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
I have neither the time nor the crayons to explain this to you.
May the Fleas of a Thousand Camels Infest Your Armpits
Don't feel bad. A lot of people have no talent.
I may not be perfect, but at least I'm not you.
Who ate your bowl of sunshine this morning, thundercloud?
I Know Five Fat People and You're Two of Them
Keep rolling your eyes, perhaps you'll find a brain back there.
I can explain it to you, but I can't understand it for you.
Somewhere out there, there's a tree working very hard to produce oxygen so that you can breathe. I think you should go and apologize to it.
I Could Carve a Better Man out of a Banana
No I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
You are about to exceed the limits of my medication.
Look at the time, it's time for you to shut the f*ck up!
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
Awww...my middle finger likes you.
Of course I talk like an idiot, how else would you understand me?
Have you been shopping lately? They're selling lives, you should go get one.
Your face is just fine, but you'll have to put a bag over that personality.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
If you ran like your mouth, you'd be in good shape.
Your house is so dirty you have to wipe your feet before you go outside.
Im busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?
Sometimes, I wish I was deaf so your grammar wouldn't bother me so much.
You're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
You Lewd, Crude, Rude, Bag of Pre-chewed Food Dude
I'm sorry, was that meant to offend me? The only thing offending me right now though is your face.
 ABRACADABRA! Nope, you're still a b*tch.
Are you afraid that zombies will eat your brain? Nah, you'll be fine.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
Feed your own ego. I'm busy.
Pardon me, but you've obviously mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
You so dumb, you think Cheerios are doughnut seeds.
You're Like a Russian Doll Full of Yourself
Don't you need a license to be that ugly?
My alone time is meant for your safety.
You are so old, your birth-certificate expired.
Every time I'm next to you, I get a fierce desire to be alone.
You couldn't handle me even if I came with instructions.
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one.
I guess you prove that even god makes mistakes sometimes.
If you spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
You need a kiss...on the neck...from a crocodile.
I'm busy, you're ugly. Have a nice day.
If You Were Half as Smart as You Think You Are, You'd be Twice as Smart as You Really Are
I love the sound you make when you shut up.
If you're going to act like a turd, go lay on the yard.
Mall Slut
I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
Behind every fat woman there is a beautiful woman. No seriously, your in the way.
We can always tell when you are lying. Your lips move.
Fart-Knocking Ding-Dong
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
Okay, let me file what you just said under 'I couldn't care less'.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all the stupid people.
You look like something that came out of a slow cooker.
You have Diarrhea of the mouth; constipation of the ideas.
Know your role, shut your hole!
Stop trying to be a smart ass, you're just an ass.
Please shut your mouth when you're talking to me.
If I Throw a Stick Will You Leave?
Mushroom infected pitbull foreskin
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
Sure, I've seen people like you before but I had to pay an admission.
Here, let me wash the stupid right off of you. Oh wait, it's not coming off.
If I had a dollar for every brain you don't have, I'd have a dollar.
Just because I'm smiling doesn't mean I don't want to hit you in the face.
Let's go to the zoo. I've always wanted to meet your family.
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
You have a Face like a Bulldog Chewing a Wasp
Since narcissistic is such a big word for you, how about asshole? You know what an asshole is, right?
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
Mind if I ask where the OFF button for your mouth is?
In order to insult me, I must first value your opinion. Nice try though.
Is Your Butt Jealous of the Amount of Crap That Just Spewed out of Your Mouth?
Don't like my sarcasm, well I don't like your stupid.
Awww...it's cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand.
You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.
There is no vaccine against stupidity.
You look like a 'before' picture.
Please cancel my subscription to your issues.
I'm sorry for hurting your feelings, I thought you already knew you were stupid.
They say opposites attract. I hope you meet someone who is good-looking, intelligent, and cultured.
I'm sorry I didn't get that. I don't speak bullsh*t.
There's no need to repeat yourself. I ignored you the first time.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
If you were in the army the only thing your mother would want for Christmas is a folded flag.
You were birthed out your mothers ass because her cunt was too busy
You're a frat mattress
You're kinda like Rapunzel except instead of letting down your hair you let down everyone in your life
I'm sorry your dad beat you instead of cancer
God wasted a good asshole when he put teeth in your mouth
You are like the end piece of bread in a loaf, everyone touches you but no one wants you.
Your parents must be furious with the one child policy.
Words can't describe your beauty... but numbers can, 2/10
You are a pizza burn on the roof of the world's mouth.
You're so stupid you couldn't pour piss out of a boot if the directions were written on the heel.
You're not the dumbest person on the planet, but you sure better hope he doesn't die.
You look like your father would be disappointed in you. If he stayed.
Jesus Christ it looks like your face was on fire and someone tried to put it out with an ice pick.
If your children die before you, it's because you deserve it.
Those aren't acne scars, those are marks from the hanger.
Why are you playing so hard to get when you're already hard to want.
If you were any more inbred you'd be a sandwich.
You are impossible to underestimate.
I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
It must have been a sad day for your parents when you slithered out of the abortion bucket.
The only way for you to get laid is to crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
Go play in traffic.
You have an ugly smile.
You're just an overdeveloped cumshot.
Everyone who ever loved you was wrong.
Whoever's willing to fuck you is just too lazy to jerk off.
Your birth certificate is a letter of apology from the abortion clinic.
If you were any more stupid, we'd have to water you twice a week.
Did your parents ever ask you to run away from home?
You only have two brain cells and one of them is busy keeping your asshole shut.
Your face looks like it was made by Bethesda.
I can understand why your parents divorced, but I don't understand why they molested you.
Do you realize that everyone just tolerates you?
You have the most annoying laugh.
You should buy a blank canvas and shoot yourself so all your brain matter splatters on it and maybe your parents might be able to sell it so they get something out of your worthless life.
You are the human version of period cramps.
I envy people who haven't met you.
Whoever told you to be yourself simply couldn't have given you worse advice.
You suck dick for beer money and you don't even drink beer.
Your face looks like something I'd draw with my left hand.
You have a good face for radio.
You have the sexual charisma of a toddler's wake.
You look like you smell like cum.
When they circumcised you they threw away the wrong bit.
Insult has been censored by the FCC, please contact your ISP for more information.
I didn't expect anything at all from you and you still managed to disappoint me.
I would insult you, but i'm afraid I won't do as well as nature did.
You are the best case for abortions
I hope the gene pool ends at you.
You're not worth the money it would've cost to abort you.
You know how most people just look past you? And the only people that talk to you have to because it relates to work, this is because you are insignificant and unimportant, no one cares about you.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
Why dont you go outside and play hide and go fuck yourself.
I'd call you a cunt, but you lack the warmth and depth.
The best part of you dripped down your mother's leg.
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
Your family tree is a cactus, because everybody on it is a prick.
You are so ugly that when your mama dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
You're just mad 'cause your mom has a bigger dick than you.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works!
Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall.
Twinkle twinkle little star, I want to hit you with my car, Throw you off a cliff so high, I hope you break your neck and die.
Twinkle twinkle little whore, close your legs, they're not a door.
I bet your parents try to change the subject when their friends ask how you’re doing.
You're the reason why tubes of toothpaste have instructions on them.
You're just a collection of personality flaws masquerading as a person.
You look like you spend more time on regret management than goal achievement.
Mr. Rogers would be disappointed in you.
Bob Ross said you're a mistake.
If my dog had your face, I'd shave its butt and teach it to walk backwards.
The average elephant new born weighs around 200-250 pounds, making them the biggest babies on earth right after your bitch ass.
Mosquitos are as insignificant and unimportant as you but at least people notice when they’re around.
Not even a dog would love you.
Did you know that a collective of wombats is called a wisdom? Of course not, because you’re an idiot and have no friends.
You are about as useful as a fish condom.
You’re like a possum, you look horrifying but at the end of the day you’re a pussy who will play dead when push comes to shove.
If brain cells had value, you'd be broke.
The last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.
What's the difference between you and eggs? Eggs get laid and you don't.
